[Music]
A large section of the media has sold
out,
sold its independence because under
pressure and under attack,
particularly English language
television.
But in many Indian languages I think
journalists are doing their job
including you. Media can criticize but
it cannot uh conduct just propaganda.
>> So that but there are many voices in the
media which are
upholding the values of independent
journalism with integrity. So I don't
believe the entire media has sold out
but a significant and leading section
has compromised its independence or
abandoned its independent path. This
happened before during the emergency but
that was forced censorship
constitutionally imposed but now even
without that they are doing that. So
it's very unfortunate but uh there are
many honest journalists and journalist
organizations working journalist
organizations the editors guild of India
and it's very upstanding president
Anand who are doing a good job. So I
think the matter is mixed but uh I hope
media can regain its full independence.
[Music]
Yes, election commission is functioning
in a partisan way with no
accountability.
The present election commission, no
transparency and also with a lot of
arrogance.
It's the way it conducts itself when
questions and allegations are made from
by political leaders is very deplorable.
particularly the chief election
commissioner. It is a threat but there
is resistance as you see in Bihar
and and today's uh meeting at has
highlighted the need to stop and
eliminate electoral fraud
uh as we saw in the current uh uh
special intensive revision exercise sir
exercise in Bihar and the Supreme
Court's order directing the election
commission a to produce machine readable
roles and B to accept Aadhaar Aadhaar as
a valid and legitimate
ID I think is good.
Now communalism
and the poisonous Hindutwa ideology
have advanced in the political arena. It
was not the case in the 1970s. Although
emergency was a horrible experience. All
democratic institution rights were
suppressed.
Censorship was total. Journalists were
detained. Atrocious. But that was
quickly overthrown by the people in a
nonviolent election. But today the
situation is much more complex
and uh yes and it is a credit of the
Indian system that despite the emergency
when elections were held they were free
and fair and the regime was Indra Gandhi
regime was totally defeated in the
election which shows the strength of
democracy and also she was not doing
what she was not willing to go as far as
the present lot in Delhi.
they have every right to be there but uh
seeing the rallies and statements
particularly made by Mr. Vijay I think
he has to have some political education
about facts because he has made so many
statements even the media have shown
that it's totally false or wrong so I
think he it lacks experience and any
political maturity that's my first
impression of course he gets crowds but
earlier also stars even chamasi used to
draw big crowds but when it came to the
polls they flopped so we don't know
whether Vijay will get 8% of the vote or
10% or 15 or less. Nobody knows but uh
it lacks political experience. There
have been film stars
ET Ramarawa before that MGR but they had
a I mean particularly MGR had a
political apprenticeship and training he
was in the DMK for a very long time and
even before that. So that is different
and NT Ramaro was well informed on many
questions. Chief Minister Ramaro But
here I think the manu I don't know how
many people will
look up to somebody who wants to be a
leader also it looks like he's got
dictatorial tendencies one man show so
but I uh I wish him well
that's all I can say nobody has every
right to enter politics but the start is
not